# Jordan Thomas Group Project Blog

## Week beginning 29/01/18 {Week 1)
This was only the tutorial on the Friday, I met some of the group, some were absent.

## Week beginning 5/02/18 (Week 2)

### Meeting in PJM Lounge - 07/02/18 - 1:00PM

At this meeting I was able to meet the rest of the group that I didnt get to meet on friday. I also made this Github page, which I will update frequently as the group and I work on the project.

## Week beginning 12/02/18 (Week 3)

### Meeting in G3a, Llandinam - 12/02/18 - 2:00PM

At this meeting we were shown the current state of the project. The project is currently able to load a main menu that has a couple of simple options. It is also able to render a 3 dimensional cube that can be turned by the user. Hui showed us the draft copy of the test specification, I have agreed to look over the test specification and the requirements on blackboard and add anything to the test specification that I believe to be missing.

I have also cloned the git repository to my PC, I informed the other members of the group after a short chat with Robert Jolly. We decided it was a good idea, as there may be a situation where we are not able to access the repository or items may be accidentally removed.

### Meeting in G3a, Llandinam - 14/02/18 - 3:00PM

Due to having a very important doctors appointment at this date, I was not available to come to this meeting. I have informed the other members of the group due to my absence. The work I offered to do on the test spec will be done at a later date.

### Free Time, Llandinam - 16/02/18 - 1:00PM

During my free time today, I was able to complete FR7 and FR8 of the test specification. FR7 was the specification on displaying the grid on the screen, while FR8 is the specification on entering words during gameplay. There wasn't anything too complicated about creating specifications for these.

### Group Meeting 16/02/18 - 4:00PM

We went over the method of storing the minutes, which will be changed from being stored on the wiki, to being committed to the git.

## Week beginning 19/02/18 (Week 4)
At the start of this week I added Chris Price (cjp) to the repositiry and he has been sent an email explaining so.

### Group Meeting 19/02/18 - 2:00PM
In this group meeting, everyone present went over the test specification and suggested items to add to the specification. Doing this brought to our attention the window size of the game window(s), and whether they should be fixed sizes or resizable by the user. In the end, we decided on the game window not being resizable, at least until we make a final decision as a whole group.

### Group Meeting 21/02/18 - 3:00PM
I did not attend this meeting as I was ill(I have previiusly seen a doctor about this). I proposed to the group that we reschedule the meeting for a later date, as more than half of us were missing.

## Week beginning 26/02/18 (Week 5)

### Group Meeting 0.31 IBERS 26/2/18
This meeting was called because of Wayne Aubreys absence to the meeting on Friday. I arrived late to the meeting and I did not have much to add to the meeting. In the meeting, it was agreed that all blogs would be updated, and that we were reading them to ensure everyones current progress. It was also discussed that we tidy up the repository to adhere to the QA standards. Using a third party app (such as Trello) to manage tasks was also discussed, which we talked about in the meeting that was scheduled later.

### Group Meeting in Think Tank - 26/2/18
In this meeting, tasks were given to each member of the group. The tasks were listed and members of the group put their hands up for a task that they were willing to do. Members that were not present in the meeting had a task assigned to them by the members that attended the meeting.

## Week beginning 5/03/18 (Week 6)

### Meeting in think tank - 05/03/18
We discussed the feedback we have recieved from Chris Price and members are urged to read upon the feedback, as it will be discussed later in the week. We also saw one of the first demos for our iteration of JoggleCube, a lot of the base concepts are there, now that the test spec is done, the rest of us are expected to help with the code where we can. 

### Meeting in think tank - 07/03/18
In this meeting we dicussed the feedback from Chris Price and set a plan to improve our work based upon that feedback. The test spec is set to be ammended to align with the feedback recieved. We also discussed the abcense of members, and not being informed as to why, this will be discussed with wayne later in the week.

### Meeting in B20 - 19/13/18
In this meeting we discussed the absence of member with no information as to why and now all members are required to give a basic explanaion as to why they cannot attend so the rest of the group know how to set tasks appropriately. We also dicussed each job that needs doing and I have been tasked with making sure the game stops the user fron saving pre loaded files.

## Week beginning 12/03/18 (Week 7)

### Meeting in think tank - 12/03/18
In this meeting it was found that many members did not how how the code for the game worked, so Przemek gave everyone a walkthrough. Excluding myself due to an abcense. i have informed the group as to why i was missing. After looking at the code and communicating with the group, i also now know how the code runs and where i can start working.

### Meeting in think tank 
We discussed information that Przemek had recieved from Chris Price after emailing him, after he showed us we asked if he could send the rest of the group the response if we need to look back at it. We have also began to fix our focus onto the technical documentation, before handin.

### Group Meeting in B20 - 16/03/18 - 4:00PM
I was unable to attend this meeting, because I had a family emergency back home and i was required as soon as possible. I sent an email to Wayne Aubrey (waa2) explaining the situation and I have also sent a message to the rest of the group aswell.

## Week beginning 19/03/18 (Week 8)

### Meeting in Think Tank - 20/03/18 - 1:00PM
In this meeting we discussed the progress of the design specification. The introduction has been completed, although more work needs to be done to complete individual sections. All tasks have been filed as 'issues' on GitLab, so we can track them easier. Also myself and Przemek agreed to meet on wednesday, to go over the dependancy description. That will be put below. We were all actioned to update these blogs, and we have been made aware to go back and look at Chris Price's feedback, to avoid making similar mistakes.

### Meeting in Think Tank - 21/03/18 - 12:00PM
Myself and Przemek agreed to meet at the think tank to discuss the dependency description. We drew many plans and discussed how the saving part of JoggleCube was going to integrate with the rest of the game. This took a while because we needed to go over how it was going to work, given that the games can run from saved text files, and not all games will make the leaderboard. I also brought up the point of the selected squares on the cube, as they could not be unselected afterwards. I was told thats how it is meant to be, considering the logic behind being able to unselect things.

### Group Meeting in B20 - 23/03/18 - 4:00PM
We discussed our plans for the easter break, and what our plans and tasks are over the break. It was also noted that people are not commenting on the code that they write and a particular member has been going over and doing the comments. Although their time on this project is best spent somewere else. We also talked about the ETA for the prototype game and Wayne stressed to us that theres not a lot of time left.

## Week beginning 16/4/18 (Week 9)

### Meeting in B20 - 20/4/18
We only had this one meeting this week. During this meeting we discussed the feedback from Chris Price for our code. It was stated that we have too many classes that have small amounts of code in them, and the sequence diagrams need more detail.

We also went over our plan for integration week which went over where we will be working, how we are keeping track of our issues and tasks and what priority they have. Members were set tasks to do in preperation for integration week.

With the withdrawal of our project leader we have selected a new one. I have agreed to step into the role, as my previous position was the deputy. The new deputy leader is Przemylsaw Kukulski(prk3).

## Week beginning 21/4/18 (Week 10)

### Meeting in Think Tank - 23/04/18


### Meeting in B20 27/04/18 - 4:00PM
In this meeting we discussed with Wayne our basic outline for the schedule of integration week, for which we took all suggestions for testing and finalising implementation and took them on board to improve our workload over the coming week. We also discussed the abcense of a particular member and we will need a reason as to why they are missing meetings. 

## Week Beginning 30/4/18
This week is integration week, so i will write a post at the end of each day at PJM lounge.

### Monday - 30/4/18
